Add payment setup flow upon registration (#1777)
cardstack/boxel: README.md

2. `pnpm start`
3. Visit http://localhost:4200 in your browser

## Payment Setup

There is some pre-setup needed to enable free plan on development account:

> 1. Use stripe cli to listen the webhook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use stripe cli to listen for the webhooks that Stripe sends to the realm server
```

```
stripe listen --forward-to localhost:4201/_stripe-webhook --api-key sk_test_api_key_from_the_sandbox_account
```

2. You will get webhook signing secret from stripe cli after Step 1 is done

```
> Ready! You are using Stripe API Version [x]. Your webhook signing secret is whsec_xxxxx
```

3. Set STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET environment value in `packages/billing/stripe-webhook-handlers/index.ts` file

```

> process.env.STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET =

Reviewer: Setting environment from within the app doesn't sound like a right thing to do. Instead, pass the env variables to the realm server app as it starts:

`STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET=... STRIPE_API_KEY=... pnpm start:all`

We have a ticket to add a `.env.development` file that will contain these variables but for now they need to be passed in in an inline fashion

  'whsec_xxxxx';
```

4. Go to `packages/realm-server` and run the following command to sync the stripe products to the database, make sure you have the stripe api key set

```

> pnpm sync-stripe-products

Reviewer: Will work without passing the ENV vars? I noted them in  https://github.com/cardstack/boxel/pull/1777#issuecomment-2490807673 ?

```

5. Perform "Setup up Secure Payment Method" flow. Subscribe with valid test card [here](https://docs.stripe.com/testing#cards)

> You should able to subscribed successfully after you perform the steps above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should be able to subscribe successfully after you perform the steps above.
```
